#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alabaster==0.7.12
    # via sphinx
anyio==3.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
appnope==0.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
argcomplete==1.12.3
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==21.1.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
attrs==21.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   markdown-it-py
    #   sphinx-external-toc
babel==2.9.1
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.10.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
bleach==4.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.0
    # via argon2-cffi
charset-normalizer==2.0.9
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-external-toc
colorama==0.4.4
    # via nbdime
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.5.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.0
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
docutils==0.16
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
entrypoints==0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
et-xmlfile==1.1.0
    # via openpyxl
fonttools==4.28.3
    # via matplotlib
functools==0.5
    # via -r requirements.in
gitdb==4.0.9
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.24
    # via nbdime
greenlet==1.1.2
    # via sqlalchemy
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
imagesize==1.3.0
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==4.8.2
    # via
    #   argcomplete
    #   ipykernel
    #   jsonschema
    #   myst-nb
    #   pep517
    #   sqlalchemy
importlib-resources==5.4.0
    # via sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
ipykernel==6.6.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==7.30.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==7.6.5
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
jedi==0.18.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   myst-parser
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
jsonschema==3.2.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-book==0.12.1
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-cache==0.4.3
    # via myst-nb
jupyter-client==7.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.4.0
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==4.9.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-server==1.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server-mathjax
    #   nbdime
jupyter-server-mathjax==0.2.3
    # via nbdime
jupyter-sphinx==0.3.2
    # via myst-nb
jupyterlab-pygments==0.1.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==1.0.2
    # via ipywidgets
jupytext==1.11.5
    # via jupyter-book
kaggle==1.5.12
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
latexcodec==2.0.1
    # via pybtex
linkify-it-py==1.0.2
    # via jupyter-book
lxml==4.6.4
    # via pandas-datareader
markdown-it-py==1.1.0
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   mdit-py-plugins
    #   myst-parser
markupsafe==2.0.1
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdit-py-plugins==0.2.8
    # via
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-parser
mistune==0.8.4
    # via nbconvert
myst-nb==0.13.1
    # via jupyter-book
myst-parser==0.15.2
    # via myst-nb
nbclient==0.5.9
    # via
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   nbconvert
nbconvert==6.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   notebook
nbdime==3.1.1
    # via jupyter-cache
nbformat==5.1.3
    # via
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-cache
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
networkx==2.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
notebook==6.4.6
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   widgetsnbextension
numpy==1.21.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
openpyxl==3.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   matplotlib
    #   setuptools-scm
    #   sphinx
pandas==1.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
pandas-datareader==0.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
patsy==0.5.2
    # via statsmodels
pep517==0.12.0
    # via pip-tools
pexpect==4.8.0
    # via ipython
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==8.4.0
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==6.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prometheus-client==0.12.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.23
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.1
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.7.2
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pydotplus==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pygments==2.10.0
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab-pygments
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbdime
    #   qtconsole
    #   sphinx
pyparsing==3.0.6
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
    #   pydotplus
pyrsistent==0.18.0
    # via jsonschema
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   kaggle
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-slugify==5.0.2
    # via kaggle
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   babel
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupytext
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pybtex
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-external-toc
pyzmq==22.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qrcode==7.3.1
    # via -r requirements.in
qtconsole==5.2.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==1.11.3
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.26.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   kaggle
    #   nbdime
    #   pandas-datareader
    #   sphinx
scikit-learn==1.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.7.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
setuptools-scm==6.3.2
    # via matplotlib
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   jsonschema
    #   kaggle
    #   latexcodec
    #   patsy
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.2.0
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.3.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==4.3.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   jupyter-sphinx
    #   myst-nb
    #   myst-parser
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
    #   sphinx-comments
    #   sphinx-copybutton
    #   sphinx-external-toc
    #   sphinx-jupyterbook-latex
    #   sphinx-multitoc-numbering
    #   sphinx-panels
    #   sphinx-thebe
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinx-book-theme==0.1.7
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-comments==0.0.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-copybutton==0.4.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-external-toc==0.2.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-jupyterbook-latex==0.4.6
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-multitoc-numbering==0.1.3
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-panels==0.6.0
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-thebe==0.0.10
    # via jupyter-book
sphinx-togglebutton==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-book
    #   myst-nb
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.2.1
    # via jupyter-book
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==1.4.27
    # via jupyter-cache
statsmodels==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
terminado==0.12.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   notebook
testpath==0.5.0
    # via nbconvert
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
threadpoolctl==3.0.0
    # via scikit-learn
toml==0.10.2
    # via jupytext
tomli==1.2.2
    # via
    #   pep517
    #   setuptools-scm
tornado==6.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbdime
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.62.3
    # via kaggle
traitlets==5.1.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
typing-extensions==4.0.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   gitpython
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   markdown-it-py
uc-micro-py==1.0.1
    # via linkify-it-py
urllib3==1.26.7
    # via
    #   kaggle
    #   requests
wcwidth==0.2.5
    # via prompt-toolkit
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via bleach
websocket-client==1.2.1
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.37.0
    # via
    #   pip-tools
    #   sphinx-togglebutton
widgetsnbextension==3.5.2
    # via ipywidgets
zipp==3.6.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
    #   pep517

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
